Title: Senior Solutions Architect
Company: Airtable
Location: San Francisco, CA; New York, NY; Remote - US
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/airtable/jobs/8487502002
Updated: 2026-04-03T10:53:57-04:00
First published: 2026-04-01T17:10:19-04:00

Airtable is the no-code app platform that empowers people closest to the work to accelerate their most critical business processes. More than 500,000 organizations, including 80% of the Fortune 100, rely on Airtable to transform how work gets done. Airtable is seeking a Senior Solutions Architect to join our Post Sales team and partner with enterprise customers to design and implement complex, AI-enabled Airtable solutions. In this high-impact role, you’ll lead the architecture and delivery of enterprise implementations, translating business workflows into scalable, AI-powered systems that accelerate time-to-value and drive long-term adoption. You’ll work closely with Engagement Managers, Account teams, and Product to shape the future of how organizations leverage Airtable AI to transform their operations. What you'll do Architect and deliver paid SOW enterprise Airtable implementations for strategic customers Lead scoping and design of Airtable AI solutions during professional services engagements Develop repeatable AI solution patterns, including AI workflows, automations, and structured data pipelines Establish best practices for data modeling, governance, and AI-enabled workflow design Partner with Engagement Managers to scope services engagements and define implementation plans Produce solution architecture diagrams, data models, and workflow documentation for enterprise customers Drive adoption of Airtable AI capabilities across multiple enterprise implementations Provide technical guidance and troubleshoot architectural challenges during implementations Collaborate with Product and internal teams to relay AI feature feedback and influence the roadmap Who you are 5+ years of solution architecture, solution engineering, or technical consulting experience for enterprise SaaS platforms Strong understanding of data modeling, database design, and governance Experience designing workflow automation and operational systems Familiarity with AI-enabled SaaS capabilities (LLMs, AI automation, AI-assisted workflows, or AI copilots) Ability to translate complex business processes into scalable technical architectures Strong stakeholder communication skills across technical and executive audiences Experience scoping and delivering enterprise implementations Proficiency in process mapping and architecture documentation tools (e.g., Lucidchart, Visio) Experience designing AI-driven workflow solutions (LLMs, prompt design, AI agents, AI automation) Experience implementing platforms like Airtable, Notion, ServiceNow, Salesforce, Workato, or similar workflow/data systems Familiarity with APIs, integrations, and automation frameworks Experience with enterprise data governance and security models Experience in Professional Services or consulting organizations Technical familiarity with scripting or low-code/no-code platforms Experience developing repeatable architecture patterns or implementation frameworks Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant .&nbsp; VEVRAA-Federal Contractor If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious belief/practice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants. Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills, and experience. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. &nbsp; To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out &nbsp; Life at Airtable . For work locations in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, New York City, and Los Angeles, the base salary range for this role is: $191,000 &mdash; $277,100 USD Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtable’s collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here . For applicants that live in or have a link to Australia, please see this Privacy Collection Statement for details regarding Airtable's collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process. 🔒 Stay Safe from Job Scams All official Airtable communication will come from an @airtable.com email address. We will never ask you to share sensitive information or purchase equipment during the hiring process. If in doubt, contact us at hr@airtable.com . Learn more about avoiding job scams here .