Title: AI Application Engineer, APJ
Company: Arize AI
Location: Remote (Singapore)
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/arizeai/jobs/5989512004
Updated: 2026-05-28T11:26:40-04:00
First published: 2026-05-06T10:55:59-04:00

About Arize AI is rapidly transforming the world. As generative AI reshapes industries, teams need powerful ways to monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize their AI systems. That’s where we come in. Arize AI is the leading AI &amp; Agent Engineering observability and evaluation platform , empowering AI engineers to ship high-performing, reliable agents and applications. From first prototype to production scale, Arize AX unifies build, test, and run in a single workspace—so teams can ship faster with confidence. We’re a Series C &nbsp;company backed by top-tier investors, &nbsp; with &nbsp;over $135M in funding &nbsp;and a rapidly growing customer base of&nbsp; 150+ leading enterprises and Fortune 500 companies.&nbsp; Customers like&nbsp; Booking.com , Uber, Siemens, and PepsiCo leverage Arize to deliver AI that works. The Opportunity We’re looking for an Application Engineer who thrives on solving hard problems with code. In this role, you'll have the opportunity to work at the cutting edge of generative AI in a high-impact role with autonomy and ownership. While we are a remote-first company, the nature of this role requires candidates to be based in the Singapore area. What You’ll Do Debug and fix issues in our platform (and ship PRs with your fixes). Build&nbsp; internal tools and copilots powered by generative AI to supercharge our team. Rapidly prototype&nbsp; proof-of-concepts for customer use cases. Work across Engineering, Product, and Solutions to unblock customers and push the boundaries of AI adoption. What We’re Looking For You have 2-5 years of experience in software. Strong in&nbsp; Python and Golang ; comfortable shipping fixes in production systems. Hands-on with&nbsp; generative AI (LLM APIs, frameworks, building copilots or automations) Hands-on with OpenTelemetry and deep familiarity with distributed tracing concepts. Familiarity with AI frameworks (CrewAI, Langchain, Langgraph, DiFy, LiteLLM, etc). Familiarity or eagerness to learn&nbsp; JavaScript/TypeScript . Great debugger, creative problem solver, and fast learner. Independent and resourceful. You create solutions, not dependencies. Bonus Points (but not required!) Experience in a customer-facing role Built copilots, plugins, or custom GenAI-powered applications. Open-sourced or contributed PRs to real codebases. Startup or fast-moving environment experience. Actual compensation is determined based upon a variety of job related factors that may include: transferable work experience, skill sets, and qualifications. Total compensation also includes unlimited paid time off, generous parental leave plan, and others for mental and wellness support. More About Arize Arize’s mission is to make the world’s AI work—and work for people. Our founders came together through a shared frustration: while investments in AI are growing rapidly across every industry, organizations face a critical challenge—understanding whether AI is performing and how to improve it at scale. Learn more about what we're doing here: https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/20/arize-ai-hopes-it-has-first-mover-advantage-in-ai-observability/ https://arize.com/blog/arize-ai-raises-70m-series-c-to-build-the-gold-standard-for-ai-evaluation-observability/ Diversity &amp; Inclusion @ Arize Our company's mission is to make AI work and make AI work for the people, we hope to make an impact in bias industry-wide and that's a big motivator for people who work here. We actively hope that individuals contribute to a good culture Regularly have chats with industry experts, researchers, and ethicists across the ecosystem to advance the use of responsible AI Culturally conscious events such as LGBTQ trivia during pride month We have an active Lady Arizers subgroup