Title: AI Sales Engineer, EMEA
Company: Arize AI
Location: EMEA (Remote)
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/arizeai/jobs/5793354004
Updated: 2026-05-28T11:28:26-04:00
First published: 2026-02-05T10:15:02-05:00

About Arize AI is rapidly transforming the world. As generative AI reshapes industries, teams need powerful ways to monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize their AI systems. That’s where we come in. Arize AI is the leading AI &amp; Agent Engineering observability and evaluation platform , empowering AI engineers to ship high-performing, reliable agents and applications. From first prototype to production scale, Arize AX unifies build, test, and run in a single workspace—so teams can ship faster with confidence. We’re a Series C &nbsp;company backed by top-tier investors, &nbsp; with &nbsp;over $135M in funding &nbsp;and a rapidly growing customer base of&nbsp; 150+ leading enterprises and Fortune 500 companies.&nbsp; Customers like&nbsp; Booking.com , Uber, Siemens, and PepsiCo leverage Arize to deliver AI that works. The Team Our engineering team builds systems that interact with some of the most complex software ever deployed in production. The team is composed of industry veterans that have built deep learning infrastructure, autonomous drones, ridesharing marketplaces, ad tech and much more. We are looking for an AI Sales Engineer (Solutions Architect) to join the good fight and get this product in the hands of every AI/ML organization. You'll work side-by-side with our Account Executives to articulate the Arize value and overall strategy to differentiate the platform throughout the sales process and drive POCs from requirements gathering to close. The activities performed by an AI Sales Engineer are diverse - one day you might be assisting with a high-level pitch of Arize to a CDO, and the next day you might be working hands-on to develop a small proof of concept. What You’ll Do You are the trusted advisor to the customer: Partner with our account executives to articulate the overall Arize value proposition, vision, and strategy to customers Work closely with some of the most sophisticated GenAI teams in the world. You will act as a trusted advisor to our prospective customers, while also building relationships with technical and business stakeholders. Lead product demonstrations of the Arize platform Advise on GenAI and ML best practices&nbsp; Lead discovery to understand prospect’s GenAI tech stack to collaborate with the Sales team to construct a compelling value proposition of the Arize Platform Lead Proof of Concept (PoC) motions with prospective buyers Handle technical objections and develop strategies across sales, engineering, and product to unblock them&nbsp; What We’re Looking For Note: Even if you do not check every single box, we still encourage you to apply!&nbsp; 3+ years of experience in a customer-facing role such as sales engineer, solutions engineer, or forward deployed engineer Strong communication skills: Ability to simplify complex, technical concepts Proficiency in Python / Typescript Knowledge of LLM / Agentic frameworks such as OpenAI Agents SDK, Google ADK, LangGraph, and DSPy Understanding of GenAI concepts and application evaluation + development lifecycle&nbsp; A quick and self learner - undaunted by technical complexity of production AI deployments and welcome the challenge to learn about them and develop your own POV. Bonus Points, But Not Required Previous experience working across and aligning Sales, Product, and Engineering Previous experience within a team that underwent a high growth stage Previous engineering experience in: Data Engineering, MLOps, Kubernetes, GCP / AWS / Azure Actual compensation is determined based upon a variety of job related factors that may include: transferable work experience, skill sets, and qualifications. Total compensation also includes unlimited paid time off, generous parental leave plan, and others for mental and wellness support. More About Arize Arize’s mission is to make the world’s AI work—and work for people. Our founders came together through a shared frustration: while investments in AI are growing rapidly across every industry, organizations face a critical challenge—understanding whether AI is performing and how to improve it at scale. Learn more about what we're doing here: https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/20/arize-ai-hopes-it-has-first-mover-advantage-in-ai-observability/ https://arize.com/blog/arize-ai-raises-70m-series-c-to-build-the-gold-standard-for-ai-evaluation-observability/ Diversity &amp; Inclusion @ Arize Our company's mission is to make AI work and make AI work for the people, we hope to make an impact in bias industry-wide and that's a big motivator for people who work here. We actively hope that individuals contribute to a good culture Regularly have chats with industry experts, researchers, and ethicists across the ecosystem to advance the use of responsible AI Culturally conscious events such as LGBTQ trivia during pride month We have an active Lady Arizers subgroup