Title: AI Solutions Manager, APJ
Company: Arize AI
Location: Remote (Singapore)
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/arizeai/jobs/5989503004
Updated: 2026-05-28T12:03:17-04:00
First published: 2026-05-06T09:54:30-04:00

About Arize AI is rapidly transforming the world. As generative AI reshapes industries, teams need powerful ways to monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize their AI systems. That’s where we come in. Arize AI is the leading AI &amp; Agent Engineering observability and evaluation platform , empowering AI engineers to ship high-performing, reliable agents and applications. From first prototype to production scale, Arize AX unifies build, test, and run in a single workspace—so teams can ship faster with confidence. We’re a Series C &nbsp;company backed by top-tier investors, &nbsp; with &nbsp;over $135M in funding &nbsp;and a rapidly growing customer base of&nbsp; 150+ leading enterprises and Fortune 500 companies.&nbsp; Customers like&nbsp; Booking.com , Uber, Siemens, and PepsiCo leverage Arize to deliver AI that works. The Opportunity As an AI Solutions Manager, you’ll partner with some of the most innovative AI/ML teams in the world. You’ll play a pivotal role in driving adoption, shaping product use cases, and ensuring our customers succeed in leveraging AI to achieve real-world impact. This role offers a unique chance to grow alongside a leading AI company and gain deep insights into cutting-edge AI/ML applications. While we are a remote-first company, the nature of this role requires candidates to be based in the Singapore area as this role will work directly with our customers in the APJ region. The Team Our engineering team builds systems that interact with some of the most complex software ever deployed in production. The team is composed of industry veterans that have built deep learning infrastructure, autonomous drones, ridesharing marketplaces, ad tech and much more.&nbsp; As part of our Solutions team, your work will directly contribute to our customers’ success in deploying impactful AI solutions, ensuring their models achieve measurable business outcomes. We are looking for a fast-paced, client-obsessed candidate with an entrepreneurial mindset to nurture, and grow our customers. You’ll be working with Arize customers to help them improve the AI they use across their organizations. You will be in charge of driving customer adoption and managing customers through their renewal cycles. You’ll accomplish this by running an effective account plan, identifying expansion opportunities with new teams, and building solutions to help achieve their goals. You’ll be involved in exciting and complex customer use cases and leverage your business acumen to navigate the intricacies. What You’ll Do Build and deepen relationships with AI/ML users to foster adoption, uncover new use cases, and drive expanded usage across customer accounts. This includes regular touchpoints like weekly/bi-weekly calls and ongoing account management. Conduct discovery with customers to understand their goals, share the Arize vision, demonstrate product capabilities, and propose tailored solutions. Collaborate with technical teams, including Customer Success Engineering, to address complex customer needs, ensure smooth implementation, and advise on technical best practices. Run workshops and training sessions with customers during onboarding and new functionality Run QBRs to demonstrate account value, identify areas of opportunity, and strengthen customer partnerships. Proactively monitor product usage across your accounts to further gauge account health Work closely with Account Management and Executive teams to identify upsell opportunities and align on customer health strategies. Effectively relay customer feature requests to internal teams and advocate for customer needs. Ensure support teams are aligned with customer requests and priorities. What We’re Looking For 3+ years of experience as a Customer Success Manager in SaaS. A self-starter mindset with the ability to thrive in limited process environments. Exceptional organizational skills with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple customer relationships effectively. Strong communication skills for articulating observations and fostering collaboration across teams. Proven ability to demo technical products and translate their value into tailored customer solutions. Thrives in fast-paced environments with a customer-first mindset and a focus on delivering measurable results. A strong team player who values collaboration and collective success. Bonus: Familiarity with AI/ML workflows or GenAI technologies. The estimated annual salary and variable compensation for this role is determined based upon a variety of job related factors that may include: transferable work experience, skill sets, and qualifications. Total compensation also includes a comprehensive benefit package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, unlimited paid time off, generous parental leave plan, and others for mental and wellness support. More About Arize Arize’s mission is to make the world’s AI work—and work for people. Our founders came together through a shared frustration: while investments in AI are growing rapidly across every industry, organizations face a critical challenge—understanding whether AI is performing and how to improve it at scale. Learn more about what we're doing here: https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/20/arize-ai-hopes-it-has-first-mover-advantage-in-ai-observability/ https://arize.com/blog/arize-ai-raises-70m-series-c-to-build-the-gold-standard-for-ai-evaluation-observability/ Diversity &amp; Inclusion @ Arize Our company's mission is to make AI work and make AI work for the people, we hope to make an impact in bias industry-wide and that's a big motivator for people who work here. We actively hope that individuals contribute to a good culture Regularly have chats with industry experts, researchers, and ethicists across the ecosystem to advance the use of responsible AI Culturally conscious events such as LGBTQ trivia during pride month We have an active Lady Arizers subgroup