Title: AI Solutions Manager, SMB
Company: Arize AI
Location: Remote (United States)
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/arizeai/jobs/5987435004
Updated: 2026-05-28T13:41:27-04:00
First published: 2026-05-04T10:38:28-04:00

About Arize AI is rapidly transforming the world. As generative AI reshapes industries, teams need powerful ways to monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize their AI systems. That’s where we come in. Arize AI is the leading AI &amp; Agent Engineering observability and evaluation platform , empowering AI engineers to ship high-performing, reliable agents and applications. From first prototype to production scale, Arize AX unifies build, test, and run in a single workspace—so teams can ship faster with confidence. We’re a Series C &nbsp;company backed by top-tier investors, &nbsp; with &nbsp;over $135M in funding &nbsp;and a rapidly growing customer base of&nbsp; 150+ leading enterprises and Fortune 500 companies.&nbsp; Customers like&nbsp; Booking.com , Uber, Siemens, and PepsiCo leverage Arize to deliver AI that works. The Opportunity As an AI Solutions Manager, you’ll partner with some of the most innovative AI/ML teams in the world. You’ll play a pivotal role in driving adoption, shaping product use cases, and ensuring our SMB and Mid-Market customers succeed in leveraging AI to achieve real-world impact. This role offers a unique chance to grow alongside a leading AI company and gain deep insights into cutting-edge AI/ML applications. The Team Our engineering team builds systems that interact with some of the most complex software ever deployed in production. The team is composed of industry veterans that have built deep learning infrastructure, autonomous drones, ridesharing marketplaces, ad tech and much more.&nbsp; As an AI Solutions Manager, your work will directly contribute to our customers’ success in deploying impactful AI solutions, ensuring their models achieve measurable business outcomes. We are looking for a fast-paced, client-obsessed candidate with an entrepreneurial mindset to nurture, and grow our SMB and Mid-Market customers. You will be in charge of driving customer adoption and managing customers through their renewal cycles. You’ll accomplish this by running an effective account plan, identifying expansion opportunities with new teams, and ensuring your customers are getting value out of the partnership by running effective workshops and enablement sessions, and working with the Solutions Engineering team on complex implementations. You’ll be involved in exciting and complex customer use cases and leverage your business acumen to navigate the intricacies. What You’ll Do Build and deepen relationships with AI/ML practitioners and executives to foster adoption, uncover new use cases, and drive expanded usage across customer accounts.&nbsp; Conduct discovery with customers to understand their goals, share the Arize vision, demonstrate product capabilities, and propose tailored solutions. Collaborate with technical teams, including Solutions Engineering and Application Engineering, to address complex customer needs, ensure smooth implementation, and advise on technical best practices. Run workshops and training sessions with customers during onboarding.&nbsp; Run business reviews to demonstrate account value, identify areas of opportunity, and strengthen customer partnerships. Proactively identify and develop new growth opportunities by analyzing customer usage and targeting high-value needs across your customer base. Own the full expansion and renewal sales cycle across your book of business.&nbsp; Maintain rigorous hygiene in CRM and internal tooling to support a high-performing revenue team. What We’re Looking For 2+ years of experience as a Customer Success Manager in SaaS. Proven track record of driving expansion and upsell revenue within SMB and Mid-Market accounts, bonus for selling AI/ML or data infrastructure software to VP and C-suite stakeholders. A self-starter and customer-first mindset with the ability to thrive in limited process environments. Exceptional organizational skills with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple customer relationships effectively. Strong communication skills for articulating observations and fostering collaboration across teams. Proven ability to demo technical products and translate their value into tailored customer solutions. A strong team player who values collaboration and collective success. Bonus: Familiarity with AI/ML workflows or GenAI technologies. The estimated annual salary and variable compensation for this role is between $140,000 to $175,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is determined based upon a variety of job related factors that may include: transferable work experience, skill sets, and qualifications. Total compensation also includes a comprehensive benefit package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, unlimited paid time off, generous parental leave plan, and others for mental and wellness support. While we are a remote-first company, we have opened offices in New York City and the San Francisco Bay Area, as an option for those in those cities who wish to work in-person. For all other employees, there is a WFH monthly stipend to pay for co-working spaces. More About Arize Arize’s mission is to make the world’s AI work—and work for people. Our founders came together through a shared frustration: while investments in AI are growing rapidly across every industry, organizations face a critical challenge—understanding whether AI is performing and how to improve it at scale. Learn more about what we're doing here: https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/20/arize-ai-hopes-it-has-first-mover-advantage-in-ai-observability/ https://arize.com/blog/arize-ai-raises-70m-series-c-to-build-the-gold-standard-for-ai-evaluation-observability/ Diversity &amp; Inclusion @ Arize Our company's mission is to make AI work and make AI work for the people, we hope to make an impact in bias industry-wide and that's a big motivator for people who work here. We actively hope that individuals contribute to a good culture Regularly have chats with industry experts, researchers, and ethicists across the ecosystem to advance the use of responsible AI Culturally conscious events such as LGBTQ trivia during pride month We have an active Lady Arizers subgroup