Title:  Enterprise Account Executive - Mountain West
Company: Hightouch
Location: Remote (Mountain West)
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/hightouch/jobs/5726252004
Updated: 2026-05-26T15:34:03-04:00
First published: 2025-12-04T18:19:10-05:00

About Hightouch Hightouch is an Agentic Marketing Platform powered by the industry-leading Composable CDP. With complete brand context, customer data, and performance history in one place, every marketer finally has the power to build and ship end-to-end campaigns themselves. Teams move faster, stay on brand, and get AI marketing that actually works. Founded in 2019 and headquartered in San Francisco, Hightouch enables marketing teams to analyze performance, brainstorm ideas, and generate creative at a speed and quality that wasn't previously possible. Named a Leader in the 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Data Platforms, Hightouch is trusted by leading enterprises like Domino's, Spotify, Aritzia, Cars.com, Ramp, and PetSmart. At Hightouch, our mission is to help our customers leverage data and AI to grow their businesses. The team is ambitious, impact-driven, efficient — and we believe humility, kindness, and compassion are essential to our success. If you're energized by velocity, obsessed with raising the bar, and want to build alongside people who care deeply about each other and our customers, we'd love to meet you. About The Role Hightouch is looking for an Enterprise Account Executive to join our fast-growing team. As a pivotal part of a small but dynamic sales organization, you will have the opportunity to shape the future of our product offering and contribute directly to our success. This is an exciting opportunity for a driven individual with significant enterprise sales experience, a passion for technology, and a talent for building meaningful relationships with clients. We’re seeking a self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment, has a strong track record in sales, and is eager to take the next step in their career with a rapidly scaling startup. The ideal candidate will possess a blend of sales expertise, entrepreneurial spirit, and a commitment to continuous learning. What We're Looking For: Experience building and managing a pipeline of high-value enterprise accounts. Experience driving both outbound prospecting efforts and land-and-expand strategies to develop long-term client relationships. Ability to conduct discovery calls, understand client needs, and deliver tailored solutions that drive measurable business outcomes. Collaboration with cross-functional teams (Sales, Marketing, Product) to deliver a seamless customer experience. Someone who consistently meet or exceed sales targets and KPIs, while maintaining a high level of professionalism and customer-centricity. Excellent&nbsp; verbal and written communication. Ability to adapt to an ever-changing work environment and operate with a sense of urgency. Bonus Points If You Have: A deep understanding of the&nbsp; martech and/or data ecosystem and how businesses use these technologies to drive growth. Compensation Details On-Target Earnings: $300,000 annually Base Salary: $150,000 annually We also offer meaningful equity compensation in the form of ISO options and offer early exercise and a 10-year post-termination exercise window. E-Verify Statement Hightouch participates in E-Verify. After you join the team, we'll verify your eligibility to work in the U.S. by submitting information from your Form I-9 to the Social Security Administration and, if needed, the Department of Homeland Security. This process happens post-hire only — we never use E-Verify to pre-screen applicants. E-Verify Notice E-Verify Notice (Spanish) Right to Work Notice Right to Work Notice (Spanish)