Title: Manager, Solutions Engineering, Mid-Market
Company: Hightouch
Location: Remote
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/hightouch/jobs/6002877004
Updated: 2026-05-21T13:43:45-04:00
First published: 2026-05-21T13:41:10-04:00

About Hightouch Hightouch is an Agentic Marketing Platform powered by the industry-leading Composable CDP. With complete brand context, customer data, and performance history in one place, every marketer finally has the power to build and ship end-to-end campaigns themselves. Teams move faster, stay on brand, and get AI marketing that actually works. Founded in 2019 and headquartered in San Francisco, Hightouch enables marketing teams to analyze performance, brainstorm ideas, and generate creative at a speed and quality that wasn't previously possible. Named a Leader in the 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Data Platforms, Hightouch is trusted by leading enterprises like Domino's, Spotify, Aritzia, Cars.com, Ramp, and PetSmart. At Hightouch, our mission is to help our customers leverage data and AI to grow their businesses. The team is ambitious, impact-driven, efficient — and we believe humility, kindness, and compassion are essential to our success. If you're energized by velocity, obsessed with raising the bar, and want to build alongside people who care deeply about each other and our customers, we'd love to meet you. About the Job Hightouch is at the forefront of the Data Activation movement, empowering businesses to leverage their data warehouses as the source of truth for all their operational needs. Our customer base is rapidly expanding, and you will be a critical leader on the front lines, ensuring that the most innovative companies become passionate, lifelong Hightouch customers. Our Solutions Engineers are instrumental in ensuring customers' initial experiences with Hightouch's platform are seamless, leading to successful and enduring partnerships. They collaborate closely with Account Executives (AEs) to guide prospective customers through the pre-sales journey, delivering customized demonstrations and proofs-of-concept (POCs) that culminate in a "Product Yes." Solutions Engineers are relentlessly curious about customer needs and pain points, leveraging their expert Hightouch product knowledge and deep technical understanding of data warehousing, ETL/ELT, and API integrations to design optimal solutions. Solutions Engineers are adept at building relationships, excel at project management, and are effective leaders who inspire and develop their teams. You Will: Lead, mentor, and grow a team of Solutions Engineers fostering a collaborative, high-performing, and customer-centric environment. Partner strategically with Hightouch AEs throughout the customer journey, delivering tailored demonstrations and customer POCs based on agreed-upon requirements. Develop deep technical domain expertise in Data Activation, CDP, data warehousing (e.g., Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks), and integration platforms , across various industries including financial services, retail, SaaS, and similar enterprises. Be accountable for the exceptional customer experience during the new revenue pilot and closing phases. Engage with customers daily to deeply understand their data activation needs and architect elegant solutions that leverage the Hightouch platform to its fullest potential. Design, develop, and maintain best-in-class playbooks, demo environments, and other tools to ensure successful and efficient POCs and technical validations. Collaborate effectively with AEs and Product Managers to identify and champion customer-specific feature requests and product enhancements. Drive strategic initiatives to continuously improve the efficiency, effectiveness, and scalability of the Solutions Engineering team. Ideally, You'd Have: Strong technical background with prior experience working directly with clients in a pre-sales or post-sales capacity to achieve business objectives, preferably within the data or SaaS space. Proven track record of successfully leading, managing, and developing technical teams. Prior experience developing with SQL, Python, JavaScript, and/or working with APIs for data integration. Extensive experience working in enterprise SaaS, cloud data platforms, or related industries in a technical capacity with end-customer engagement. A track record as a self-starter, highly motivated to independently troubleshoot and unblock complex technical issues in the field with customers. Exceptional presentation skills with a high degree of technical credibility when communicating with both executive stakeholders and front-line engineers. High level of comfort and proficiency communicating effectively across diverse internal and external organizations, including cross-functional collaboration with sales, product, and engineering. Intellectual curiosity, strong empathy for customer challenges, and the ability to operate with high velocity in a dynamic environment. Nice to Haves: Startup experience, particularly within a high-growth SaaS company. Previous experience as a technical go-to-market resource for a data-centric product. Experience scaling a Solutions Engineering or similar technical customer-facing team. &nbsp; Compensation Details: On-Target Earnings Range: $250,000-$280,000 annually Base Salary Range: $175,000-$196,000 annually We also offer meaningful equity compensation in the form of ISO options and offer early exercise and a 10-year post-termination exercise window. E-Verify Statement Hightouch participates in E-Verify. After you join the team, we'll verify your eligibility to work in the U.S. by submitting information from your Form I-9 to the Social Security Administration and, if needed, the Department of Homeland Security. This process happens post-hire only — we never use E-Verify to pre-screen applicants. E-Verify Notice E-Verify Notice (Spanish) Right to Work Notice Right to Work Notice (Spanish)