Title: Mid-Market Account Executive - Mountain West
Company: Hightouch
Location: Remote-Mountain West
URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/hightouch/jobs/5983622004
Updated: 2026-05-28T14:54:02-04:00
First published: 2026-04-28T18:41:39-04:00

About Hightouch Hightouch is an Agentic Marketing Platform powered by the industry-leading Composable CDP. With complete brand context, customer data, and performance history in one place, every marketer finally has the power to build and ship end-to-end campaigns themselves. Teams move faster, stay on brand, and get AI marketing that actually works. Founded in 2019 and headquartered in San Francisco, Hightouch enables marketing teams to analyze performance, brainstorm ideas, and generate creative at a speed and quality that wasn't previously possible. Named a Leader in the 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Data Platforms, Hightouch is trusted by leading enterprises like Domino's, Spotify, Aritzia, Cars.com, Ramp, and PetSmart. At Hightouch, our mission is to help our customers leverage data and AI to grow their businesses. The team is ambitious, impact-driven, efficient — and we believe humility, kindness, and compassion are essential to our success. If you're energized by velocity, obsessed with raising the bar, and want to build alongside people who care deeply about each other and our customers, we'd love to meet you. &nbsp; About The Role Hightouch is looking for a Mid-Market Account Executive (AE) to join our rapidly growing team. We’re a small team and looking for someone with at least 2 years of Corporate or Mid-Market Sales experience. We are looking for a self-starter with a passion for solving problems and delighting their customers. Within our Mid-Market segment, you will be working with a wide range of companies and have the opportunity to work on strategic, complex deals.&nbsp; Our deals are varied and give you an opportunity to sell to many different personas, industries and use-cases.&nbsp; You will learn value selling skills that will allow you to grow your career into any direction you want.&nbsp;&nbsp; The right candidate is someone who has a proven track record of success and is looking to further their career with a fast-growing startup. The ideal person will be both coachable, have a strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit. What We're Looking For 2+ years in a full cycle sales role, but we care less about "years of experience" and more about the impact and results of your work Strong discovery and interpersonal skills Intellectual curiosity, high ambition and humility.&nbsp; Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to adapt to an ever changing work environment Thorough understanding of the technology industry and its players&nbsp; Compensation Details On-Target Earnings: $200,000 annually Base Salary: $100,000 annually We also offer meaningful equity compensation in the form of ISO options and offer early exercise and a 10-year post-termination exercise window. E-Verify Statement Hightouch participates in E-Verify. After you join the team, we'll verify your eligibility to work in the U.S. by submitting information from your Form I-9 to the Social Security Administration and, if needed, the Department of Homeland Security. This process happens post-hire only — we never use E-Verify to pre-screen applicants. E-Verify Notice E-Verify Notice (Spanish) Right to Work Notice Right to Work Notice (Spanish)